I2C master m33 example (#9)
dialog-semiconductor/BLE_SDK10_DA1470x_examples: interfaces/i2c_master_m33_demonstration_example/README.md

# I2C Adapter Demonstration Example In SYSCPU Context

## Example Description

> This example demonstrates using the I2C adapter layer employing the I2C1 block in master mode. The DA1470x family of devices comprises three separate I2C blocks instances. In this example, all of the I2C operations are executed in the SYSCPU context using the FreeRTOS preemptive scheduling. To facilitate user, the `THERMO3` click board, which is I2C- and microBUS-compatible is utilized. The board comes with the `TMP102` temperature sensor which can trigger an external signal once the temperature exceeds or falls within a configurable temperature range. In this demonstration, the sensor is configured in comparator mode in which the alert pin is asserted once the temperature equals or exceeds the Thigh threshold and for as long as the temperature falls below the Tlow threshold. The alert signal is connected to the WKUP controller which is triggered once the signal is asserted. A single task, namely `termo3_task`,  is created and is responsible for configurating the sensor and reading the temperature for as long as the alert signal is asserted. The sample code comes with full drivers of the TMP102 temperature sensor which can be found in the `tmp102_drv/header/tmp102_reg.h` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates using the I2C adapter layer employing the I2C1 block in master mode. The DA1470x family of devices comprises three separate I2C blocks instances. In this example, all of the I2C operations are executed in the SYSCPU context using the FreeRTOS preemptive scheduling. To make life easy, the I2C- and microBUS-compatible [`THERMO3` click board](https://www.mikroe.com/thermo-3-click) is utilized. The board comes with the `TMP102` temperature sensor which can trigger an external signal once the temperature exceeds or falls within a configurable temperature range. In this demonstration, the sensor is configured in comparator mode in which the alert pin is asserted once the temperature equals or exceeds the T<sub>high</sub> threshold and for as long as the temperature falls below the T<sub>low</sub> threshold. The alert signal is connected to the WKUP controller which is triggered once the signal is asserted. A single task, namely `termo3_task`,  is created and is responsible for configurating the sensor and reading the temperature for as long as the alert signal is asserted. The sample code comes with full drivers of the TMP102 temperature sensor which can be found in the [tmp102_drv/header/tmp102_reg.h](tmp102_drv/header/tmp102_reg.h) file.
```

## HW and SW configuration

### Hardware configuration

- This example runs on DA1470x Bluetooth Smart SoC devices. One DA1470x Pro Development kit and one THERMO3 click board are needed for this example. For more information on the temperature sensor demonstrated click [here]( https://www.mikroe.com/thermo-3-click).
- Connect the development kit to the host computer via the USB1 connector mounted on the motherboard and open a serial terminal. Two serial ports should be displayed; select the one with the lower number and then configure the terminal as depicted in the following table:

|  Setting  | Value  |
| :-------: | :----: |
| Baudrate  | 115200 |
| Data bits |   8    |
| Stop bits |   1    |
|  Parity   |  None  |

- Connect the click board to mikroBUS #2. It's a prerequisite that the expansion headers have been soldered before attaching the click board. Alternatively, the user can occupy mikroBUS #1. If this is the case, the alert pin should be changed. To do so, go to the `config/peripheral_setup.h` file which contains all the I/O definitions of the demonstration example and change the alert pin value as follow:

  ```c

>   #define THERMO3_ALERT_PIN           ( HW_GPIO_PIN_24 )

Reviewer: I think it would be nicer to have a seperate definition like "#define MICRO_BUS 2", and based on that change the pins. I think that is something that should be done across all the examples

Author: I propose we do that in another PR
